It's called the public.
It's written on one of the wheelbarrows over this.
Ever since we started,
we called it the fitzroy adventure playground,
and the kid you saw when you're coming down to the woods chose to put the witch because of all the wood here and then just gradually
turned out it was the cubbies.
And because they're always building.
Coming was just known everywhere as the cubbies.
In fact,
some of the parents wouldn't even notice if it toe adventure program.
Right.
She writhe,
baby joe.
And what
shit?
Right down,
baby.
Everybody's talking
way.
No way.
Shit.
Right down,
dad.
Wait.
No.
He says.
As soon as we get wood and we can't even get around to staking it or boxes come in the kitchen in there,
they're building their takeover immediately.
Let me.
Wait.
Chris.
Yeah,
and i'm delighted to be here.
This morning at one of my favorite places,
the fitzroy adventure playground.
I wass for twelve years in charge of a home and children section off the
national safety council.
And during this time break,
many parents rang me out because they were worried about accidents in playgrounds.
That is three ordinary playgrounds that we see around that there's an adventure.
Playground is quite a different sort of thing.
An adventure playground is a place that is supervised as
well as the heart of the playground that they're so helpful to children and teaching them
creativity and responsibility.
We feel also that they are extraordinarily safe.
Yeah.
Most kids learn they've no,
i know you always wear your shoes.
You don't walk on piles of wood.
The children who do tend to stand on the nail other want to come in here?
You haven't been here for a long time or they're coming.
It's the first time in here and also wonder around and not really be very alert.
Um,
we always check that they have tetanus needles,
and we always take him up to check it home.
And we always sort of cover any sort of an accident in any hood away.
It all like that.
Thank you.
I can't stand to the right.
And part of that means one of the fathers fighting for what?
Again,
jackie.
A little bit of everything.
Just whatever's later doing cleanup from things like that.
What do you think about the fight?
I mean,
you should wear anything you got about seven,
about seven.
Just a place where kids can come and enjoy themselves and do what they want to do with that thing,
right?
You don't think about it.
What do you think?
That sort of things?
We get criticisms about the dirt,
you know that this is what we want.
There's plenty of price like gonna be calling,
but i always come here sort of person who works in a playground.
There's no set training.
I suppose you could say it's what you're looking for is someone who could be a mom and a dad and a policeman and a
friend and resources all those sort of things rolled into together,
someone who's willing to learn along with the children and not know too much because you can know too much and the kids kind of
teach you anything.
You put that back
yeah.
Looking.
Kids do what they want,
teo,
you put it into practice.
You get me a runner and getting
no,
stick it on a plate.
Getting out.
Important thing is to become friends with you.
Really.
But i'm gonna no,
but time to go.
What?
Happened that one good.
That's on the kids not want.
Smell it now.
Thank you.
That's when all the pockets you can have one.
I support activities such as this fitzroy adventure playground by performer.
Wonderful role,
no kids.
Khun exercise initiative.
You know,
some people think of the adventure playground as the green pine logs for kids to climb on.
That's not adventure.
Playground a tall,
the real concept of an adventure playground is,
we're children do things for themselves.
They designed their own structures and buildings.
I can have the little rabbit,
maybe a little crop of vegetables playoffs.
People go around.
So just such a miss,
well,
you know,
i may be,
it does.
It's like a junkyard,
but i don't find it an attractive.
I found it rather fascinating.
It's like a date got,
uh,
keep the painting.
There are unnatural things.
They're building things.
It's like a little higgledy piggledy,
shanty town and,
uh,
sort of thing that is attractive to children.
And i also find it attractive.
And i think you know quite a few adults,
too.
So they can buy and some people from other fires going and they see it.
They just looks exciting.
And to the indian states,
artistic in its own sort of met away children,
dad,
the children come in and out in and out and some of them in here for five years coming in and out.
And it's it's not like just a little group that you're picking up,
taking up somewhere like a family one.
If you've got kids going to that vent,
he's continually every day we're making a little placed is and the studies done their bit
dollars on this beautiful,
glossy playground.
Yes,
somebody said,
you look out in the grass and were the kids.
He is in that mud.
The tithe.
He said,
come here.
I want to talk tio,
he said.
I want swat running free,
yes.
First job,
teo.
Stand.
Get out!
Wait,
john.
Okay.
What?
Tonight.
You little shit.
That's beautiful.
You know michelle?
No.
What front?
That's really lovely.
Let me do that.
Flint.
Oh,
this way,
green.
You should come.
No.
But
and now you have chocolate coming in old scrap with net.
And that's all about to build this cage of two friends.
And it was hard job.
Well,
anyhow,
don't scrap wood.
You get the form which one's the good times?
Not before that i might that we had a pigeon cards read too.
Not today.
They say that all one there that could put them now because you get,
you know,
scrapping that and that's experience coming
here everyday.
People learned about pigeons not to care about him.
That's the people you help.
Well,
if you get sick,
you got down there.
Vic taika.
Doctor,
find nothing there and down.
But now,
so don't come here much.
Just been passing by,
jumping in salary.
They are with me.
I need another bit of wood to go on.
Otherwise they're just pull through,
i think,
a film by jesus mannish boy who's been coming to
eleven on.
He took eyebrow shed when he was building it knocked everybody out.
And who was working at the time?
You get about boats,
way happen to just get this very light warning that you need for both.
And,
uh,
you know,
that's what james is really going on.
And when it did start up,
there were certain elements of negative nous in it.
It was inclined to be bring in rubbish and burn it,
and somebody put up a bit of caviar and everybody else would knock it down.
Maybe not much control their stories coming from.
They're staying home from school and hiding in these things all day and many doing about it.
But anyway,
as time went on,
the area was reduced here so that there was a small overlook,
the back,
which is of some value to the children down to get a kicking like the sport.
And the thing i liked about this was the think they introduced things like keeping
pits.
I could take any pigs and i had fails rabbits and all sorts of things,
and they were coming in and caring for those things,
and i felt that's a humanizing thing.
In children's environment,
that child care spect covers very broad field in the sense that giving
children the chance to for animal delaying the responsibility of having animals
i don't have it.
We're taking just without getting into the real estate.
Two dollars h,
that was fair enough.
And also we're stopping the building.
So what we did,
we decided that kids,
when they're finished a cage,
they should either record.
If it was left and it was strong and something to put over within a week,
they're allowed to have it.
Any pictures you got,
claudia.
Can you have the courage for your own good?
You might separate thing was that man,
you're gonna step right.
The values we haven't done that.
Not one of the eyes chilean.
Don'tyou.
Where you from?
You haven't given australia that to you?
When he was just found them to be infringed,
they were very much on it in the outskirts.
Jump alive the roofs and drive us nuts.
Yeah.
On it.
They're breaking through this life well twisted.
I was caught in a fishing line string.
I have to cut the soft living in there for a while so i can get better.
Shot.
What?
Did you do it?
You gotta get so don't cut the pigeon.
You can't just get it.
Get it right.
Get it right when it's late night.
Get up now.
With something good.
He broke in,
distressing for kids to find things a lot,
but that's a living thing.
That's what happens in life.
Someone give up.
I don't want to do.
You don't have him anymore.
I just sort of come back and i'm going to keep them.
And the other day we had a break in.
One of the bigger kids came and said,
look,
i know what it feels like that to,
you know,
talk to the kid about it and it is a thing that happens in life.
Checks is look alive was when he died.
Colin was the first one to see when he's like it was like dad in a funny way,
that's fiscal.
Very well.
My job is how you want to be a credible jon.
Got it out.
Tell me is dead that very day.
Yeah,
putting me like a couple.
I swear the day collide my way was giving peak.
Jonah,
that's the hole.
Chased out getting another,
giving you a good cook life
down.
Bye,
huh?
Everybody's talking about a new
way
right now.
Right now.
Now?
Yeah.
No.
You want?
Order sort of comes from like,
an angina sort of order.
You did be themselves and play on their own tune.
And it's a learning prices.
They're learning about things for a living.